hello this is Donnie Smith and today I'm
going to share my passion with you I am
very passionate about working on cars
I've spent over 20 years working in the
collision repair industry in the past
six years I've been a full-time
collision repair instructor teaching
this to students and now I'm ready to
offer this to you for free just keep
watching to learn how I started working
on cars as a hobby couple my dad and
older brother work on cars at the house
however was until high school when I
painted my first car I spent most of the
first year and off my automotive program
working on a 1979 Camaro and I painted
it blue and I still remember the the
satisfaction of able to step back and
see the end result
next I painted a red Camaro and then I
had friends start asking me to paint
their cars and I still remember working
you know out of my old garage probably
wasn't the best working conditions but
you don't work for what I was doing and
I spent many nights working on some of
my friends cars and repainting them in
high school my senior year I got a job
at a dealership and helping out with you
know do the bodywork and paint there and
you can see in the picture one of the
projects that I worked on was this fire
truck and you know again I had a lot of
time in it and I still remember you know
Venables step back and see that in
result after high school I knew that I
remain passionate about this this
industry and I enrolled in a college
wild tech which was an Alera me Wyoming
and after completing that that program
that's whenever I entered the collision
repair industry I have worked as you
know as a body man as a painter I've
worked at dealerships have been an
estimator and I've owned my own shop I
have managed a shop but now for the past
six years you know I'm doing what I'm
really passionate about and that is
teaching others this industry I remain
passionate about collision repair and
I'm very passionate about teaching this
to others I teach at an eighth FACS
accredited school we remember the iCard
Training Alliance a member of a SA and
I've also had the opportunity to attend
some pretty cool trainings like at nice
and vision and SEMA places like that and
I've had the chance
meet some pretty interesting people like
Chip Foose and rich Evans and Charlie
Hutton some of the guys from West Coast
Customs and Trigg my truck and you know
been able to meet some pretty
interesting people now I'm not trying to
brag about who I've met where I've been
or what I know or anything like that but
what I do want to do is let you know
that I am qualified to teach you more
about this industry and I'm willing to
give it to you for free now you may be
asking yourself why is he willing to
give us a why he knows for free and the
answer is one of two two answers the
first one is you're interested in this
as a collision repair career and if
that's the case you know that aligns
with exactly what I'm trying to do I'm
trying to recruit more people into this
industry now obviously I can only handle
15 students per year into my program so
I'm not only recruiting for my program
but I want to recruit for the entire
industry I want to draw more interest
into this industry which goes into the
next reason of why I'm offering this for
free and that's for the
do-it-yourselfers out there the hobby
people you know that if you remember at
the beginning of this I said that I
started my career as a hobby well if it
wasn't for that I probably would never
have been exposed to this industry and I
probably would not be in this industry
right now so I'm trying to get people
exposed to it and not only will this
keep the industry alive to get to get
more people exposed into this industry
to learn about it but also give an
alternative thing for kids to do I know
you know this day there's a lot of time
spent on games and and indoor things and
there's nothing wrong with that you know
I love the digital age but I think we
need to get kids more involved more
healthy alternatives for example like
working on cars or whatever hobby it is
whether you're interested in this as a
collision repair or a hobby this reading
is for you if you're interested in a
hobby it'll teach you the skills and
knowledge you need to be able to work on
your own car or if you're interested in
a career and give you enough
skills enlarged filled with know how to
take the next step so I encourage you to
subscribe to get the free training and
we'll see you on the other side
you